#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 620
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement class
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Welcome to soundLab!
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Spring 2026 Weekend Session
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thank you so much for joining us for our March 21-22 soundLab session.
 This document will help get you started,
 so you know where to go and what's happening.
 If you have any questions,
 please do not hesitate to contact us at millerp3@duq.edu or mcmasterm@duq.edu.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Locations,
 Entrances,
 Times
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Dates
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

and
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

times Saturday,
 21 March 2026 from 9:00am to 4:00pm and Sunday,
 22 March from noon to 4:00p.m.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Location Physics Labs,
 2nd Floor,
 Fischer Hall.
 You can find a campus map at:
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://www.duq.edu/campus-map.php"
target "https://www.duq.edu/campus-map.php"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Once you are inside Fischer Hall,
 you can take an elevator to the 2nd floor.
 The best place to enter the building is probably from the Fischer Skywalk which goes over Forbes Avenue.
 You can enter the Skywalk from McAnulty Drive.
 Students can be dropped off at the Student Union and walk down the hill with the Gumberg Library on the right.
 There will be signage in Fischer Hall directing you to the labs.
 We may also use space in the Mary Pappert School of Music,
 but our main location is Fischer Hall.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Lunch We will provide free lunch to paid registrants on Saturday,
 21 March.
 This will be at Duquesne's Towers cafeteria.
 We will all walk over across campus together as a group and eat lunch in the faculty/staff dining room.
 Towers is a buffet-style 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

all you can eat
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 situation.
 There are many options here for those with special dietary needs,
 but if you are unsure please contact one of us and we will do our very best to accommodate you.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Equipment If you have a laptop computer,
 please bring it.
 If you do not,
 that is perfectly fine:
 we will provide one for you to use during the workshop.
 Although these school laptops can be used at Duquesne,
 we kindly ask that they not be taken off campus.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

We will give each registered student a goodie bag with all the hardware they require.
 This does not need to be returned.
 If necessary,
 additional hardware and electronics components are available.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Online
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Resources The unofficial web site for the soundLab can be found here:
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://sl.theoryofpaul.net/index.phtml"
target "https://sl.theoryofpaul.net/index.phtml"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Additional resources are at github.
 If you are unfamiliar with github,
 that's fine – we'll talk about it during the workshop.
 You can poke around here:
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://github.com/lauprellim/soundLab"
target "https://github.com/lauprellim/soundLab"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Teachers Dr.
 McMaster and Dr.
 Miller will be the lead teachers.
 There will be a teaching assistant to help.
 We will be joined by Dr.
 Burton Hable (University of Wisconsin-Madison) who will be observing (but not conducting any research).
 Dr.
 Hable is an expert in education theory.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
WiFi We will provide guest WiFi passes for all students.
 WiFi usage is free.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Behavior We expect all students to be respectful of others.
 Not everyone may come into this workshop at the same level,
 but this is normal.
 If anyone feels as though things are going too quickly or slowly,
 please speak up and we will gladly assist!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Final
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Event We have engaged Mr.
 Joseph Pailo Haley to perform and speak on Sunday,
 22 March from 3:00 – 4:00pm in room 322 at the Mary Pappert School of Music.
 Mr.
 Pailo is an Ableton Certified Trainer who has worked extensively with some of the top companies in the electronic music industry in Los Angeles CA,
 Austin TX and Pittsburgh.
 Parents and guests are welcome to attend!
 Mr.
 Pailo will allow students to try out some of his gear afterwards.
 You can read more about him at:
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "https://www.ableton.com/en/certified-training/joseph-pailo-haley/"
target "https://www.ableton.com/en/certified-training/joseph-pailo-haley/"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Emergency In case of emergency,
 please send a text message on Dr.
 Miller's cell phone:
 585-451-0575.
 Please kindly do not share this number outside of the workshop community.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thank you so much for joining us!
 We are looking forward to meeting you and working together.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
